Refactor based on latest consistency document (#1)
chris-wood/draft-ietf-privacypass-key-consistency: draft-ietf-privacypass-key-consistency.md

Client:
: An entity that uses a key in a reliant system.

Source:
: An entity that provides key material for use by clients.

The key consistency model is dependent on the implementation and reliant system's threat model.

# Consistency Requirements {#reqs}

Privacy-focused protocols which rely on widely shared public keys typically
require keys be consistent. Informally, key consistency is the
requirement that all clients who use a source-provided key in some reliant system
share the same view of the key. Some protocols depend on large sets of clients
with consistent keys for privacy reasons. Specifically, all clients with a
consistent key represent an anonymity set wherein each client of the key in
that set is indistinguishable from the rest. An attacker that can actively
cause inconsistent views of keys can therefore compromise client privacy.

## Consistency Definitions

Formally, consistency is a predicate defined based on key sets. Typically, clients
try to assess consistency of one key against one or more keys, but there are
no restrictions on whether the clients holding those keys are the same.

There are two different predicates for consistency, defined below.

> - Consistency: Two key sets with the same set ID are consistent iff the intersection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consistency: Two key sets with the same set ID are consistent if and only if (iff) the intersection
```

  of key IDs for each set is non-empty.
- Global consistency: A key set is globally consistent iff, for all key sets with the

>   same set ID, the set of key IDs intersects with the key IDs of the candidate key set.

Reviewer: Is this saying that the intersection is non-empty, or that the sets are equal?

It could be nice to have some ven diagram images here eventually =)

Author: Hah, Venn diagrams would be great! This is saying that the intersection with all other key sets is non-empty.

Reviewer: Got it. Since the other definition above said "the intersection... is non-empty" then it might be nice to phrase it the same way.

Something like this?
```suggestion
  same set ID, the intersection between each set of key IDs and each other set is non-empty.
```

Author: Better!

Checking for consistency or global consistency of two sets of key sets (singletons or not)
consists in applying a verification function to those sets. If the two sets are consistent
and the union of those two sets is equal to the set of all possible honestly generated values,
then the union is globally consistent.

> Consistency checks can happen within a reliant system or out of it. We refer to these

Reviewer: Having trouble parsing this. I get in-band (it's part of the protocol) and out of band (it's a separate check that a client initiates), but the description here is more opaque.

> Consistency checks can happen within a reliant system or out of it. We refer to these

Author: ```suggestion
Consistency checks can happen within a reliant system, i.e., as part of the protocol in which consistency is preferred, or out of it, i.e., a separate protocol run alongside the reliant system. We refer to these
```

Author: @tfpauly does this read better?

Reviewer: Yes, that helps!
